.TH TRUFFLEHOG 1 "" "trufflehog dev" "Truffle Security"
.SH NAME
trufflehog \- find credentials in various sources
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\fBtrufflehog [<flags>] <command> [<args> ...]\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
TruffleHog is a tool for finding credentials. Run without a command for interactive mode.
.PP
TruffleHog scans various data sources for verified and
unverified secrets such as API keys, passwords, and other
credentials. It supports scanning git repositories, GitHub
and GitLab organizations, filesystems, S3 buckets, GCS
buckets, Docker images, CI/CD systems, and more.
.PP
When run without a command in an interactive terminal,
\fBtrufflehog\fR launches a TUI (text user interface) that
guides you through selecting a scan source and configuring
options.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Show context-sensitive help (also try --help-long and --help-man).
.TP
\fB--log-level=0\fR
Logging verbosity on a scale of 0 (info) to 5 (trace). Can be disabled with "-1".
.TP
\fB--profile\fR
Enables profiling and sets a pprof and fgprof server on :18066.
.TP
\fB-j, --json\fR
Output in JSON format.
.TP
\fB--json-legacy\fR
Use the pre-v3.0 JSON format. Only works with git, gitlab, and github sources.
.TP
\fB--github-actions\fR
Output in GitHub Actions format.
.TP
\fB--concurrency=N\fR
Number of concurrent workers.
.TP
\fB--no-verification\fR
Don't verify the results.
.TP
\fB--results=RESULTS\fR
Specifies which type(s) of results to output: verified (confirmed valid by API), unknown (verification failed due to error), unverified (detected but not verified), filtered_unverified (unverified but would have been filtered out). Defaults to verified,unverified,unknown.
.TP
\fB--no-color\fR
Disable colorized output
.TP
\fB--allow-verification-overlap\fR
Allow verification of similar credentials across detectors
.TP
\fB--filter-unverified\fR
Only output first unverified result per chunk per detector if there are more than one results.
.TP
\fB--filter-entropy=FILTER-ENTROPY\fR
Filter unverified results with Shannon entropy. Start with 3.0.
.TP
\fB--max-decode-depth=5\fR
Maximum depth of iterative decoding. Each decoder's output is fed back through all decoders, up to this limit. 1 = single pass, 2+ = chained decoding (e.g., base64 inside utf16).
.TP
\fB--config=CONFIG\fR
Path to configuration file.
.TP
\fB--print-avg-detector-time\fR
Print the average time spent on each detector.
.TP
\fB--no-update\fR
Don't check for updates.
.TP
\fB--fail\fR
Exit with code 183 if results are found.
.TP
\fB--fail-on-scan-errors\fR
Exit with non-zero error code if an error occurs during the scan.
.TP
\fB--verifier=VERIFIER\fR
Set custom verification endpoints.
.TP
\fB--custom-verifiers-only\fR
Only use custom verification endpoints.
.TP
\fB--detector-timeout=DETECTOR-TIMEOUT\fR
Maximum time to spend scanning chunks per detector (e.g., 30s).
.TP
\fB--archive-max-size=ARCHIVE-MAX-SIZE\fR
Maximum size of archive to scan. (Byte units eg. 512B, 2KB, 4MB)
.TP
\fB--archive-max-depth=ARCHIVE-MAX-DEPTH\fR
Maximum depth of archive to scan.
.TP
\fB--archive-timeout=ARCHIVE-TIMEOUT\fR
Maximum time to spend extracting an archive.
.TP
\fB--include-detectors="all"\fR
Comma separated list of detector types to include. Protobuf name or IDs may be used, as well as ranges.
.TP
\fB--exclude-detectors=EXCLUDE-DETECTORS\fR
Comma separated list of detector types to exclude. Protobuf name or IDs may be used, as well as ranges. IDs defined here take precedence over the include list.
.TP
\fB--no-verification-cache\fR
Disable verification caching
.TP
\fB--force-skip-binaries\fR
Force skipping binaries.
.TP
\fB--force-skip-archives\fR
Force skipping archives.
.TP
\fB--skip-additional-refs\fR
Skip additional references.
.TP
\fB--user-agent-suffix=USER-AGENT-SUFFIX\fR
Suffix to add to User-Agent.
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Show application version.
.SH COMMANDS
.SS
\fBhelp [<command>...]\fR
Show help.
.SS
\fBgit [<flags>] <uri>\fR
Find credentials in git repositories.
.TP
\fB-i, --include-paths=INCLUDE-PATHS\fR
Path to file with newline separated regexes for files to include in scan.
.TP
\fB-x, --exclude-paths=EXCLUDE-PATHS\fR
Path to file with newline separated regexes for files to exclude in scan.
.TP
\fB--exclude-globs=EXCLUDE-GLOBS\fR
Comma separated list of globs to exclude in scan. This option filters at the `git log` level, resulting in faster scans.
.TP
\fB--since-commit=SINCE-COMMIT\fR
Commit to start scan from.
.TP
\fB--branch=BRANCH\fR
Branch to scan.
.TP
\fB--max-depth=MAX-DEPTH\fR
Maximum depth of commits to scan.
.TP
\fB--bare\fR
Scan bare repository (e.g. useful while using in pre-receive hooks)
.TP
\fB--clone-path=CLONE-PATH\fR
Custom path where the repository should be cloned (default: temp dir).
.TP
\fB--no-cleanup\fR
Do not delete cloned repositories after scanning (can only be used with --clone-path).
.TP
\fB--trust-local-git-config\fR
Trust local git config.
.TP
\fB--allow\fR
No-op flag for backwards compat.
.TP
\fB--entropy\fR
No-op flag for backwards compat.
.TP
\fB--regex\fR
No-op flag for backwards compat.
.SS
\fBgithub [<flags>]\fR
Find credentials in GitHub repositories.
.TP
\fB--endpoint="https://api.github.com"\fR
GitHub endpoint.
.TP
\fB--repo=REPO\fR
GitHub repository to scan. You can repeat this flag. Example: "https://github.com/dustin-decker/secretsandstuff"
.TP
\fB--org=ORG\fR
GitHub organization to scan. You can repeat this flag. Example: "trufflesecurity"
.TP
\fB--token=TOKEN\fR
GitHub token. Can be provided with environment variable GITHUB_TOKEN.
.TP
\fB--include-forks\fR
Include forks in scan.
.TP
\fB--include-members\fR
Include organization member repositories in scan.
.TP
\fB--include-repos=INCLUDE-REPOS\fR
Repositories to include in an org scan. This can also be a glob pattern. You can repeat this flag. Must use Github repo full name. Example: "trufflesecurity/trufflehog", "trufflesecurity/t*"
.TP
\fB--include-wikis\fR
Include repository wikisin scan.
.TP
\fB--exclude-repos=EXCLUDE-REPOS\fR
Repositories to exclude in an org scan. This can also be a glob pattern. You can repeat this flag. Must use Github repo full name. Example: "trufflesecurity/driftwood", "trufflesecurity/d*"
.TP
\fB-i, --include-paths=INCLUDE-PATHS\fR
Path to file with newline separated regexes for files to include in scan.
.TP
\fB-x, --exclude-paths=EXCLUDE-PATHS\fR
Path to file with newline separated regexes for files to exclude in scan.
.TP
\fB--issue-comments\fR
Include issue descriptions and comments in scan.
.TP
\fB--pr-comments\fR
Include pull request descriptions and comments in scan.
.TP
\fB--gist-comments\fR
Include gist comments in scan.
.TP
\fB--comments-timeframe=COMMENTS-TIMEFRAME\fR
Number of days in the past to review when scanning issue, PR, and gist comments.
.TP
\fB--auth-in-url\fR
Embed authentication credentials in repository URLs instead of using secure HTTP headers
.TP
\fB--clone-path=CLONE-PATH\fR
Custom path where the repository should be cloned (default: temp dir).
.TP
\fB--no-cleanup\fR
Do not delete cloned repositories after scanning (can only be used with --clone-path).
.TP
\fB--ignore-gists\fR
Ignore all gists in scan.
.SS
\fBgithub-experimental --repo=REPO [<flags>]\fR
Run an experimental GitHub scan. Must specify at least one experimental sub-module to run: object-discovery.
.TP
\fB--object-discovery\fR
Discover hidden data objects in GitHub repositories.
.TP
\fB--token=TOKEN\fR
GitHub token. Can be provided with environment variable GITHUB_TOKEN.
.TP
\fB--repo=REPO\fR
GitHub repository to scan. Example: https://github.com/<user>/<repo>.git
.TP
\fB--collision-threshold=1\fR
Threshold for short-sha collisions in object-discovery submodule. Default is 1.
.TP
\fB--delete-cached-data\fR
Delete cached data after object-discovery secret scanning.
.SS
\fBgitlab --token=TOKEN [<flags>]\fR
Find credentials in GitLab repositories.
.TP
\fB--endpoint="https://gitlab.com"\fR
GitLab endpoint.
.TP
\fB--repo=REPO\fR
GitLab repo url. You can repeat this flag. Leave empty to scan all repos accessible with provided credential. Example: https://gitlab.com/org/repo.git
.TP
\fB--token=TOKEN\fR
GitLab token. Can be provided with environment variable GITLAB_TOKEN.
.TP
\fB--group-id=GROUP-ID\fR
GitLab group ID. If provided, it will scan the group and its subgroups. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB-i, --include-paths=INCLUDE-PATHS\fR
Path to file with newline separated regexes for files to include in scan.
.TP
\fB-x, --exclude-paths=EXCLUDE-PATHS\fR
Path to file with newline separated regexes for files to exclude in scan.
.TP
\fB--include-repos=INCLUDE-REPOS\fR
Repositories to include in an org scan. This can also be a glob pattern. You can repeat this flag. Must use Gitlab repo full name. Example: "trufflesecurity/trufflehog", "trufflesecurity/t*"
.TP
\fB--exclude-repos=EXCLUDE-REPOS\fR
Repositories to exclude in an org scan. This can also be a glob pattern. You can repeat this flag. Must use Gitlab repo full name. Example: "trufflesecurity/driftwood", "trufflesecurity/d*"
.TP
\fB--auth-in-url\fR
Embed authentication credentials in repository URLs instead of using secure HTTP headers
.TP
\fB--clone-path=CLONE-PATH\fR
Custom path where the repository should be cloned (default: temp dir)
.TP
\fB--no-cleanup\fR
Do not delete cloned repositories after scanning (can only be used with --clone-path).
.SS
\fBfilesystem [<flags>] [<path>...]\fR
Find credentials in a filesystem.
.TP
\fB--directory=DIRECTORY\fR
Path to directory to scan. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB-i, --include-paths=INCLUDE-PATHS\fR
Path to file with newline separated regexes for files to include in scan.
.TP
\fB-x, --exclude-paths=EXCLUDE-PATHS\fR
Path to file with newline separated regexes for files to exclude in scan.
.TP
\fB-s, --max-symlink-depth=MAX-SYMLINK-DEPTH\fR
Maximum depth to follow symlinks during filesystem scan.
.SS
\fBs3 [<flags>]\fR
Find credentials in S3 buckets.
.TP
\fB--key=KEY\fR
S3 key used to authenticate. Can be provided with environment variable AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID.
.TP
\fB--role-arn=ROLE-ARN\fR
Specify the ARN of an IAM role to assume for scanning. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB--secret=SECRET\fR
S3 secret used to authenticate. Can be provided with environment variable AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY.
.TP
\fB--session-token=SESSION-TOKEN\fR
S3 session token used to authenticate temporary credentials. Can be provided with environment variable AWS_SESSION_TOKEN.
.TP
\fB--cloud-environment\fR
Use IAM credentials in cloud environment.
.TP
\fB--bucket=BUCKET\fR
Name of S3 bucket to scan. You can repeat this flag. Incompatible with --ignore-bucket.
.TP
\fB--ignore-bucket=IGNORE-BUCKET\fR
Name of S3 bucket to ignore. You can repeat this flag. Incompatible with --bucket.
.TP
\fB--max-object-size=250MB\fR
Maximum size of objects to scan. Objects larger than this will be skipped. (Byte units eg. 512B, 2KB, 4MB)
.SS
\fBgcs [<flags>]\fR
Find credentials in GCS buckets.
.TP
\fB--project-id=PROJECT-ID\fR
GCS project ID used to authenticate. Can NOT be used with unauth scan. Can be provided with environment variable GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT.
.TP
\fB--cloud-environment\fR
Use Application Default Credentials, IAM credentials to authenticate.
.TP
\fB--service-account=SERVICE-ACCOUNT\fR
Path to GCS service account JSON file.
.TP
\fB--without-auth\fR
Scan GCS buckets without authentication. This will only work for public buckets
.TP
\fB--api-key=API-KEY\fR
GCS API key used to authenticate. Can be provided with environment variable GOOGLE_API_KEY.
.TP
\fB-I, --include-buckets=INCLUDE-BUCKETS\fR
Buckets to scan. Comma separated list of buckets. You can repeat this flag. Globs are supported
.TP
\fB-X, --exclude-buckets=EXCLUDE-BUCKETS\fR
Buckets to exclude from scan. Comma separated list of buckets. Globs are supported
.TP
\fB-i, --include-objects=INCLUDE-OBJECTS\fR
Objects to scan. Comma separated list of objects. you can repeat this flag. Globs are supported
.TP
\fB-x, --exclude-objects=EXCLUDE-OBJECTS\fR
Objects to exclude from scan. Comma separated list of objects. You can repeat this flag. Globs are supported
.TP
\fB--max-object-size=10MB\fR
Maximum size of objects to scan. Objects larger than this will be skipped. (Byte units eg. 512B, 2KB, 4MB)
.SS
\fBsyslog --format=FORMAT [<flags>]\fR
Scan syslog
.TP
\fB--address=ADDRESS\fR
Address and port to listen on for syslog. Example: 127.0.0.1:514
.TP
\fB--protocol=PROTOCOL\fR
Protocol to listen on. udp or tcp
.TP
\fB--cert=CERT\fR
Path to TLS cert.
.TP
\fB--key=KEY\fR
Path to TLS key.
.TP
\fB--format=FORMAT\fR
Log format. Can be rfc3164 or rfc5424
.SS
\fBcircleci --token=TOKEN\fR
Scan CircleCI
.TP
\fB--token=TOKEN\fR
CircleCI token. Can also be provided with environment variable
.SS
\fBdocker [<flags>]\fR
Scan Docker Image
.TP
\fB--image=IMAGE\fR
Docker image to scan. Use the file:// prefix to point to a local tarball, the docker:// prefix to point to the docker daemon, otherwise an image registry is assumed.
.TP
\fB--token=TOKEN\fR
Docker bearer token. Can also be provided with environment variable
.TP
\fB--exclude-paths=EXCLUDE-PATHS\fR
Comma separated list of paths to exclude from scan
.TP
\fB--namespace=NAMESPACE\fR
Docker namespace (organization or user). For non-Docker Hub registries, include the registry address as well (e.g., ghcr.io/namespace or quay.io/namespace).
.TP
\fB--registry-token=REGISTRY-TOKEN\fR
Optional Docker registry access token. Provide this if you want to include private images within the specified namespace.
.SS
\fBtravisci --token=TOKEN\fR
Scan TravisCI
.TP
\fB--token=TOKEN\fR
TravisCI token. Can also be provided with environment variable
.SS
\fBpostman [<flags>]\fR
Scan Postman
.TP
\fB--token=TOKEN\fR
Postman token. Can also be provided with environment variable
.TP
\fB--workspace-id=WORKSPACE-ID\fR
Postman workspace ID to scan. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB--collection-id=COLLECTION-ID\fR
Postman collection ID to scan. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB--environment=ENVIRONMENT\fR
Postman environment to scan. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB--include-collection-id=INCLUDE-COLLECTION-ID\fR
Collection ID to include in scan. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB--include-environments=INCLUDE-ENVIRONMENTS\fR
Environments to include in scan. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB--exclude-collection-id=EXCLUDE-COLLECTION-ID\fR
Collection ID to exclude from scan. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB--exclude-environments=EXCLUDE-ENVIRONMENTS\fR
Environments to exclude from scan. You can repeat this flag.
.TP
\fB--workspace-paths=WORKSPACE-PATHS\fR
Path to Postman workspaces.
.TP
\fB--collection-paths=COLLECTION-PATHS\fR
Path to Postman collections.
.TP
\fB--environment-paths=ENVIRONMENT-PATHS\fR
Path to Postman environments.
.SS
\fBelasticsearch [<flags>]\fR
Scan Elasticsearch
.TP
\fB--nodes=NODES\fR
Elasticsearch nodes
.TP
\fB--username=USERNAME\fR
Elasticsearch username
.TP
\fB--password=PASSWORD\fR
Elasticsearch password
.TP
\fB--service-token=SERVICE-TOKEN\fR
Elasticsearch service token
.TP
\fB--cloud-id=CLOUD-ID\fR
Elasticsearch cloud ID. Can also be provided with environment variable
.TP
\fB--api-key=API-KEY\fR
Elasticsearch API key. Can also be provided with environment variable
.TP
\fB--index-pattern="*"\fR
Filters the indices to search
.TP
\fB--query-json=QUERY-JSON\fR
Filters the documents to search
.TP
\fB--since-timestamp=SINCE-TIMESTAMP\fR
Filters the documents to search to those created since this timestamp; overrides any timestamp from --query-json
.TP
\fB--best-effort-scan\fR
Attempts to continuously scan a cluster
.SS
\fBjenkins --url=URL [<flags>]\fR
Scan Jenkins
.TP
\fB--url=URL\fR
Jenkins URL
.TP
\fB--username=USERNAME\fR
Jenkins username
.TP
\fB--password=PASSWORD\fR
Jenkins password
.TP
\fB--insecure-skip-verify-tls\fR
Skip TLS verification
.SS
\fBhuggingface [<flags>]\fR
Find credentials in HuggingFace datasets, models and spaces.
.TP
\fB--endpoint="https://huggingface.co"\fR
HuggingFace endpoint.
.TP
\fB--model=MODEL\fR
HuggingFace model to scan. You can repeat this flag. Example: 'username/model'
.TP
\fB--space=SPACE\fR
HuggingFace space to scan. You can repeat this flag. Example: 'username/space'
.TP
\fB--dataset=DATASET\fR
HuggingFace dataset to scan. You can repeat this flag. Example: 'username/dataset'
.TP
\fB--org=ORG\fR
HuggingFace organization to scan. You can repeat this flag. Example: "trufflesecurity"
.TP
\fB--user=USER\fR
HuggingFace user to scan. You can repeat this flag. Example: "trufflesecurity"
.TP
\fB--token=TOKEN\fR
HuggingFace token. Can be provided with environment variable HUGGINGFACE_TOKEN.
.TP
\fB--include-models=INCLUDE-MODELS\fR
Models to include in scan. You can repeat this flag. Must use HuggingFace model full name. Example: 'username/model' (Only used with --user or --org)
.TP
\fB--include-spaces=INCLUDE-SPACES\fR
Spaces to include in scan. You can repeat this flag. Must use HuggingFace space full name. Example: 'username/space' (Only used with --user or --org)
.TP
\fB--include-datasets=INCLUDE-DATASETS\fR
Datasets to include in scan. You can repeat this flag. Must use HuggingFace dataset full name. Example: 'username/dataset' (Only used with --user or --org)
.TP
\fB--ignore-models=IGNORE-MODELS\fR
Models to ignore in scan. You can repeat this flag. Must use HuggingFace model full name. Example: 'username/model' (Only used with --user or --org)
.TP
\fB--ignore-spaces=IGNORE-SPACES\fR
Spaces to ignore in scan. You can repeat this flag. Must use HuggingFace space full name. Example: 'username/space' (Only used with --user or --org)
.TP
\fB--ignore-datasets=IGNORE-DATASETS\fR
Datasets to ignore in scan. You can repeat this flag. Must use HuggingFace dataset full name. Example: 'username/dataset' (Only used with --user or --org)
.TP
\fB--skip-all-models\fR
Skip all model scans. (Only used with --user or --org)
.TP
\fB--skip-all-spaces\fR
Skip all space scans. (Only used with --user or --org)
.TP
\fB--skip-all-datasets\fR
Skip all dataset scans. (Only used with --user or --org)
.TP
\fB--include-discussions\fR
Include discussions in scan.
.TP
\fB--include-prs\fR
Include pull requests in scan.
.SS
\fBstdin\fR
Find credentials from stdin.
.SS
\fBmulti-scan\fR
Find credentials in multiple sources defined in configuration.
.SS
\fBjson-enumerator [<path>...]\fR
Find credentials from a JSON enumerator input.
.SS
\fBanalyze\fR
Analyze API keys for fine-grained permissions information.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
.B 0
Successful execution.
.TP
.B 183
Credentials were found and \fB\-\-fail\fR was specified.
.TP
.B 1
An error occurred during scanning.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B Launch the interactive TUI
.EX
trufflehog
.EE
.TP
.B Scan a git repository
.EX
trufflehog git https://github.com/example/repo.git
.EE
.TP
.B Scan a GitHub organization
.EX
trufflehog github \-\-org=trufflesecurity \-\-token=$GITHUB_TOKEN
.EE
.TP
.B Scan a local filesystem
.EX
trufflehog filesystem /path/to/directory
.EE
.TP
.B Scan an S3 bucket
.EX
trufflehog s3 \-\-bucket=my\-bucket \-\-cloud\-environment
.EE
.TP
.B Scan a Docker image
.EX
trufflehog docker \-\-image=myregistry/myimage:latest
.EE
.TP
.B Read from stdin
.EX
cat secrets.txt | trufflehog stdin
.EE
.TP
.B Output JSON and filter with jq
.EX
trufflehog git https://github.com/example/repo.git \-\-json \e
  | jq 'select(.Verified == true)'
.EE
.TP
.B Fail in CI if secrets are found
.EX
trufflehog git file://. \-\-fail \-\-results=verified,unknown
.EE
.TP
.B Use a configuration file
.EX
trufflehog git https://github.com/example/repo.git \e
  \-\-config=trufflehog\-config.yaml
.EE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B GITHUB_TOKEN
Authentication token for GitHub scanning.
.TP
.B GITLAB_TOKEN
Authentication token for GitLab scanning.
.TP
.B AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
AWS access key for S3 scanning.
.TP
.B AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
AWS secret key for S3 scanning.
.TP
.B AWS_SESSION_TOKEN
AWS session token for temporary credentials.
.TP
.B GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT
GCP project ID for GCS scanning.
.TP
.B GOOGLE_API_KEY
GCP API key for GCS scanning.
.TP
.B CIRCLECI_TOKEN
Authentication token for CircleCI scanning.
.TP
.B DOCKER_TOKEN
Authentication token for Docker scanning.
.TP
.B TRAVISCI_TOKEN
Authentication token for TravisCI scanning.
.TP
.B POSTMAN_TOKEN
Authentication token for Postman scanning.
.TP
.B HUGGINGFACE_TOKEN
Authentication token for HuggingFace scanning.
.TP
.B ELASTICSEARCH_NODES
Comma-separated list of Elasticsearch nodes.
.TP
.B JENKINS_URL
URL of the Jenkins server.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I trufflehog\-config.yaml
Optional configuration file specified via \fB\-\-config\fR.
See the project documentation for the configuration
file format.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at
.UR https://github.com/trufflesecurity/trufflehog/issues
the TruffleHog issue tracker
.UE .
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.UR https://github.com/trufflesecurity/trufflehog
TruffleHog on GitHub
.UE ,
.UR https://trufflesecurity.com
Truffle Security website
.UE .
